I really didn't see him being so serious as usual
I also heard about his hickey
In fact, it was left by Mr. Gu
That's why he was chosen to be Mr. Gu's personal secret
book
No wonder there are no means
Otherwise, Mr. Gu would protect him like that
To save his life?
We can't compare
Don't tell anyone else what I told you.
The mountain in Tingchuan is actually protecting the secretary
I'd like to see where the little bitch came from
The slave has something to do and is not in the company
I have something to discuss with Lucy
If he comes back
Please give me a call. Okay.
Poison thief, aren't you going to save trouble?
It has been dealt with.
I thought I would come back before get off work time.
You are too responsible
Where did the dimples come from?
Ah, are you all right?
What are you doing?
Mrs. Gu